So how can I help you sir?
Yes. So, it's been a few days now. I have sore and red skin. It's really itchy, and it's super annoying. So I'd like to find something quick to solve it.
No problem. I'm happy to help. whereabouts in your skin is it affected?
Mostly my chest, my hands, my arms. Really, it's super annoying. It’s itching a lot, all the time. And I can't even sleep at night. I really need something quickly to solve it. Because even at work, when I'm in a meeting and I have to think about my work, I can't actually focus on my work. It's really annoying because I can't actually think about what I have to say. I'm always disturbed by this disease.
OK. I'm certain this is obviously affecting you. And we’ll try our very best to get this sorted out for you. Have you had anything like this before in the past?
So yes. Earlier I was prescribed for my eczema, and they gave me some cream, and something to use when I was in the shower. But this time, when the symptoms appeared again, I tried those and it didn't work. I've tried a few things. Like I bought a steroid cream at the pharmacy last night. But it apparently didn't help, because it's still itching a lot today.
Do you remember the name of the cream you bought?
A steroid cream.
OK, steroid, OK.  Would you say these symptoms are very similar to your eczema symptoms, or different?
It's much more itchy. And my eczema was only in the arm. But now it's also on the chest. And on the hands as well. Like for instance hiking, during the weekend. I can't really do it anymore. I wanted to do that last weekend, but because it is super painful, and I have to take showers every day to be able to ease this itching part, it is very very annoying.
OK. So you mentioned the itchiness. You also mentioned it's been quite sore.
Yeah.
Have you noticed any bleeding or discharge from your skins?
No. So my skin is a bit cracked in some parts, if you see what I mean. But yeah.
You've not seen any other pus or blood, coming out of your skin?
No.
No. And you mentioned it all started three days ago.
Four days ago.
Four days ago. Are you aware of any triggers, or anything that you may have done, that may have caused your symptoms to start? So for example, have you changed your shower gel, any clothing?
No. It's really annoying because I'm thinking about if maybe I should change something. Because I haven't, and I don't understand. And I’m afraid of asking people around me because I don't feel really comfortable asking about these questions. It's kind of intimate. So I need your help now.
Fine, so just to summarize. For the last four days, you've had very itchy skin, very sore skin all over your body, mainly your chest. And did you also mention your arms and legs as well?
No. Just the chest, hands and inside the elbows. Yeah.
OK. Anything on your face at all?
On my face? No.
No, OK. And apart from this, any other symptoms have you noticed? For example, have you noticed any temperature or fevers?
No. Just very itchy. Nothing else.
Itchy. OK. So your bowels are working OK?
I think so.
Your chest is OK? No cough, no breathing difficulties?
No. I just had asthma in the past. But not anymore.
You're passing urine OK?
Yes.
OK. That's OK. So, normally at this stage I like to examine you to see the rash itself, to see exactly what type of rash it is. But from what you've told me, you mentioned you've got some dry skin and some cracked skin as well and it has been very itchy. And so with your background of eczema, there's a couple of questions I wanted to ask you, which I completely forgot, my apologies. Apart from the eczema, do you have any other medical problems I should be aware of?
No.
OK. OK. And do you take any regular medications at the moment?
No, no other medications.
No, OK. Do you have any allergies to anything?
No allergies.
No, OK. and tell me about your situation at home. Who do you live with?
So, I live with a few flatmates. I'm thirty-one. I have a full-time job. And I'm living with a few people to save money.
OK. And what do you do for work?
I work at a pharmaceutical company. So it's been a few years now. It's kind of interesting. I'm a project manager. I mean, do you want to know more about it?
OK, no, that's absolutely fine. Just a couple of questions I want to ask you, which can sometimes affect your symptoms, is, do you smoke at all?
No.
No. And do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
You know, once in a while I can, I like hanging out with people once in a while. So yeah I'd say a few, a few beers per week. Something like this. Nothing crazy. I used to drink a lot more when I was younger. But it's been a while.
So, based on everything you mentioned, I do wonder whether this is a flare-up of your eczema. The reason being that you said it was quite itchy. It's mainly affecting your chest and your back. And having looked at your skin, the rash does appear quite familiar. You mentioned using steroid creams yesterday from the pharmacy. I wonder whether giving you a stronger prescription of a of a steroid may be beneficial which I'm happy to prescribe to you today. As well as I'm going to give you something, some emollients, which helps to moisturize the skin, which you use in the bath and shower. And it's definitely worth using that for the first seven to ten days, before we make the decision on whether it's working or not. It's also worth using antihistamines, which you can sometimes buy the over counter. Things like Loratadine or Pirton, which can help the itchiness of your skin. And, it's also worth keeping a diary of any triggers which are affecting your symptoms, anything you wear or anything you use, in terms of shower gels or soap. Because if that's causing your symptoms, then we need to have a discussion about an eczema plan.
OK. Yes, I have tried antihistamines, lately, but it didn't really help.
OK. So it's something for you to think about. You can get different types of antihistamines. I can give you something a little bit stronger today as well something like Fexofenadine, which I can give to you today. It's definitely worth trying, and it's not going to do you any harm. But I think using the steroids and the emollients, on a regular basis over the next week to ten days, should hopefully control your symptoms. But do come back and see me next week if things don't get better. OK? Do you have any questions for me?
No that's it. Thank you very much. Bye. Thank you as well. Bye.
OK. Well I wish you all the best.