Hi there, good morning. Or good afternoon, sorry. Hi. This is Doctor Deen Mirza from GP at Hand.
Hello there. Good afternoon. This is Jack.
All right. So before we start your appointment, could I please confirm your full name and date of birth?
Yes, my name is Jack Armani. And my date of birth is 12 August 1958.
That's great, thank you for that. OK. So, how can I help you today?
I'm a bit worried because I woke up this morning, about an hour ago, and I couldn't move my left arm anymore.
OK. and how's your arm right now?
Well I feel no pain but just can't move it.
And what time did you wake up? You said it was an hour ago, you're sure about that?
Yes.
Now, can I just double check? Has this ever happened before?
No. No, it's really the first time.
OK. And did you sleep in an awkward position, or in a different bed, or anything like that last night?
Uh no, everything as usual.
OK. And is there any discoloration in your hand?
No.
OK, does your hand feel cold?
No, not really. The arm feels fine, apart from me not being able to move it.
OK. And it's on your left side. Have you had any symptoms in your left leg at all?
No, but I feel a bit of tingling on the left side of my face.
Right, OK. And how long has that tingling been there for?
Since I woke up. Since I stopped feeling the arm, it stopped moving an hour ago.
Now, I can't see you since it's a telephone appointment. Have you noticed any kind of asymmetry in your face, or did your face expression look different on one side compared to the other, or anything different at all?
No, not really, it's just, I was having like a bit of issues. Like, I was trying to drink earlier and  I'd be swallowing a bit and have the tingling on the left side.
OK. So, you have some difficulties swallowing, is that right?
Yeah.
OK. Any problems with your speech? Is your speech different to how it sounds normally?
Yeah it feels a bit harder. It's more complicated, maybe more slow. I need to think more about it.
OK. Is there anyone at home with you? 
No. Is this something I should be worried about?
Well, I'm concerned that some of the symptoms you've got may be symptoms of a stroke.
Hmm, wow.
OK? So, that's something that can be dealt with, but it needs to be dealt with as an emergency in a hospital.
Should I call? Would you be able to call the ambulance for me?
Yeah I'm happy to do that. What we need to do is to make sure that they've got access to you when you come. So, maybe you could leave the front door unlocked and sit in the hallway. But I'm going to arrange one of my colleagues next to me to call an ambulance to your home address now.
OK.
So that's being done right now, as we speak. While we're waiting for that, I'm just going to ask you a few more questions. Is that OK?
OK. OK. Thank you. Sure.
OK. Do you have any other illnesses at all?
I have type two diabetes and high blood pressure.
OK. And are you on any medication for that?
I'm taking Metformin, Losartan and Amlodipine.
OK. Do you have any allergies to any medication?
Only penicillin, I believe.
Are there any illnesses in your family at all?
My dad has got heart disease. But I don't know more detail.
And are you normally living alone?
Yes.
Do you smoke at all?
I used to.
OK. How much alcohol do you drink?
I will have a few drinks over the weekend. Maybe a couple more during the week.
So what drinks are we talking about?
Beers, like pints.
How are you feeling now? Have you got the symptoms right now still?
Yes, yes. The arm still can't move, and I think the speech is getting a bit harder.
OK, alright. So, the ambulance is on its way, alright? And what they're going to do is, they'll probably take you down to the local hospital emergency room. And then they will ring through for the stroke doctor to assess you, to see whether they can give you any kind of treatment for that OK? So no worry. They're on their way, and what I'm going to do is, I'm going to stay on the line until they reach there. Just to make sure that you're OK. Just make sure the front door is open. Sit in the hallway, by the front door so that they've got access if need be, if for any reason you can't open the front door. OK. All right, then so I'll be staying on the line and we'll and we'll wait until the ambulance comes. OK then, all right. Thank you. 
OK, I'm going to go to the door. Thank you.
K, bye bye.