Hello. Good afternoon. Hi there. This is Doctor Smith from GP at Hand.
Hi there. My name is Ayrton.
Hi Ayrton. So, before we start, could I have your full name and date of birth? If that's possible?
Sure. So, it's Ayrton Warren, and my date of birth is the 16 of May 1982.
Thank you for that. So how can I help you today?
So I woke up this morning and I've just got this really horrible pain on the left side of my head. A real kind of headachy feeling.
Sure, OK. And did the pain wake you up?
Yeah, it woke me up, quite early this morning. Probably around 05h30-ish.
And what time do you normally get up?
I normally get up at about seven o'clock.
Is the headache still present now?
Yes, it is.
OK. Have you had this kind of pain before?
I mean I've had a bit of a history with headaches, but nothing as severe as this before.
So they were less severe. Were they similar in nature in terms of being one-sided and the type of pain?
Not so much on the one side. It tends to be a bit of a cluster at the front of my head in a way. But this time it's more prominent on the left side which I've never really had it like that, normally they kind of spread across the front of my head.
OK, alright. And can I just double-check, do you have any neck stiffness at all?
No.
Alright. How are you with bright lights at the moment? Do you feel sensitive to bright lights or can you tolerate them alright?
I'm a little bit sensitive, it kind of makes my eyes a little bit sore, but nothing that I can't really handle. 
OK. And can I just double-check, are you feeling nauseous at all?
Not really. When I first got up this morning, my head felt a bit dizzy, but that's kind of subsided now, and it seems to be fine.
OK. And can I just double-check, does anyone in your family have any migraines or anything like that? They've been diagnosed with migraines?
No. They haven't.
OK. And are you under any particular stress at the moment?
Work is kind of a bit stressful at the moment. I've got a lot going on. Yeah, I just seem to have a lot of a backlog of work that I need to go through at the moment. So, I've kind of been doing a lot of late nights as well.
Right, OK. And, how long has that been the case for?
For probably about a couple of months now.
How would you say your mood is?
I'm not moody, I'm not angry. I get a bit frustrated during the day. But it ebbs and flows every now and then.
OK. Have you ever been diagnosed with anxiety or depression or stress in the past?
So I had anxiety for about two years now, and I've been on Sertraline for a while.
OK. Are you taking Sertraline at the moment?
Yes.
OK. And how do you feel in terms of anxiety at the moment? Do you feel anxious at the moment?
No, not necessarily. At work, sometimes I do feel a bit anxious. The panic of not being able to get my work done on time. But other than that, I don't feel massively anxious.
OK, alright. Now, sorry to ask this, just need to ask this for anyone suffering from anxiety. Have you had any thoughts about harming yourself or hurting yourself?
No.
Good, I'm glad to hear that. Now, with regards to this headache. Is it worse when you lie down, or is it better when you lie down?
When I lay down it kind of feels a little bit sore at first, and it takes me a while to get comfortable. So yeah, at the beginning it does, but then after it just kind of soothes a little bit.
So, would you say ultimately, it's better when you lie down? 
Yeah, I would say so.
OK. And in terms of this headache since this morning, have you taken anything for it yet?
I've taken some Paracetamol.
Has that helped?
Not really, no.
OK. Taking anything else at all?
No that's it, just Paracetamol.
OK. do you have any other illnesses at all?
None.
Have you ever been diagnosed with high blood pressure?
No.
Have you ever had your blood pressure checked?
No.
OK. And are there any illnesses in your family?
No, there's nothing. My mum has had a history of anxiety as well but no physical illnesses or anything like that.
OK, alright. And are you on any medication?
No, other than Sertraline and having taken Paracetamol this morning, nothing else.
Do you have any allergies to any medication?
Not that I'm aware of, no.
Alright. And are you living by yourself at the moment, or living with someone else?
I live with my partner.
OK. Are you a smoker?
No.
OK. And do you have any pets at home?
I have a cat.
OK. And can I just double-check, how much exercise would you do normally a week?
So normally I try to go running at least three times a week.
And what's your diet like?
It's OK, it's nothing really healthy, but it's fine. I wouldn't say unhealthy.
Alright. Now in terms of this headache, obviously I haven't been able to examine you, or see you directly. But it sounds like it might be one of two things. It could be an element of what we call tension headache. OK. That's one possibility. And what makes that more likely is the fact that you've been under some pressure, and you have a history of anxiety in the past. The other possibility is a migraine. And what makes that more likely is the fact that it's on one side, and that you've got some sensitivity to light. So, what I think we can do is, I think we can give you some generic pain relief. That would be the appropriate first step, for migraine-type headaches. OK. So I'll tell you what that is in a second. And the other thing that I was going to suggest is, we maybe explore things to try and decrease the stress from work. So, medication-wise, the things that we'd start off with if someone had migraine would be to start Ibuprofen. And the doses of Ibuprofen can be a bit more than the normal doses Ibuprofen. So that's one thing we can start. You can keep on taking Paracetamol as well if you like, but the Ibuprofen is actually more effective for a migraine. And, yeah, so the guidelines have changed recently, before that we used to give Paracetamol as a first line but now it's Ibuprofen or Aspirin. That's one thing. The other thing I'd like you to do, is maybe consider taking some time off work. OK, Because if the headache is due to stress from work. Maybe having a week off, that might help with things. And I'd also like you to explore counselling options as well. So there is a counselling service in your area that I can give you the link for you to self-refer. I'd like you to try that. What we're going to do is, we'll have a follow-up in a week's time. As well as those two other things I'd like you to do, is to try and ensure that you're having a minimum of eight hours sleep at night, every night. And you're drinking a minimum of 1.5 to 2 litres of water or fluids a day, and that's not including coffee or tea. Alright, because sometimes dehydration and fatigue can be causes of headaches as well. Yeah, we need to rule those things out. Let's try that. OK. And let's have a follow-up appointment, if we're finding that things are not getting better, we might need to arrange some blood tests or look at other possibilities, but we'll try that in the first instance. If anything changes in the meantime, or you get worried or things get worse, feel free, and have a lower threshold, for ringing us back. And we can book you, no problem. So there will be a summary of all of this in the notes. And I'll also leave a link to some of the danger signs and symptoms of headaches, in the notes. If you can read through that in your own time, that will just help you to have a bit more control over what's going on and understanding what kind of things should trigger you to contact another doctor and schedule an appointment to reassess the situation.
OK. Yeah, that sounds brilliant. Thank you so much for your help.
No problem, OK. So we'll touch base in a week's time, with me or one of the other doctors, and we'll take it from there, OK.
OK. Thank you. Yeah, I'll book an appointment in that time.
Brilliant, OK then, alright. Take care then, all the best.