Hi, hello. I'm Doctor Jacob and welcome to Babylon. Hello. Hi. So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your name for me please?
My name is John Doe.
And your date of birth?
14 November 1996.
OK. So you've mentioned in your notes that you've got some chest tightness. If you'd like to, tell me a bit more about it please.
Yeah, about two to three days ago, I was running with a friend. And usually I can talk to her whilst I run, but I found myself actually short of breath. I'm not really sure about when I'm walking. But definitely if I'm walking briskly now. And I've used my blue inhaler, but to no avail. It hasn't really helped me. Yeah, so I'm just wheezing a bit, and coughing and just generally a bit short of breath.
Wheezing and coughing, OK. And you've mentioned you're using the blue inhaler. So, how often are you using the blue inhaler?
I'm just using that as and when I have symptoms.
Yeah. So, at the moment you are having shortness of breath. So, are you using it every day at the moment?
Yeah, in the morning or evening to prevent it as well.
OK, and which colour? What's the name of your inhaler?
It's blue. I think it is Salbutamol. Hydrocortisone, that I'm taking as well.
And hydrocortisone. So you have eczema also, yeah?
My brother is asthmatic and my sister has eczema. And I've got a few issues that I think could be eczema as well.
OK, right. So coming back to your shortness of breath. You've mentioned you're wheezy, and you're coughing. Are you bringing up any phlegm at all?
No I don't. I'm not coughing up much. 
Right. And how are you using your inhaler? So are you using it every day?
I'm using that every day and the Salbutamol just as and when needed.
Is it twice a day?
Yes.
OK. And have you ever been admitted in hospital because your asthma was so bad?
No, I haven't.
OK. When was the last time you had an asthma attack?
About three to four years ago.
Three to four years ago. And what did the general practitioner do at that time?
Just encourage me to carry on using my inhalers as a preventative.
OK. So you didn't have any oral steroids or antibiotics?
Not that I can remember.
OK. OK. Right, have you ever had oral steroids in the past?
No.
When was the last time you had an asthma review with our nurse?
About two years ago.
OK. Two years ago. OK. But your asthma was pretty under control until now, isn't it?
Just every now and then. I haven't done a test since I've has symptoms.
Yes. So do you do a peak flow meter at home? Where you blow into it? Do you do that? 
I think. Yeah.
OK. So what's your peak flow reading when you're good? Like normal peak flow reading?
I don’t know.
OK. Let's see, it’s about, 380, yeah? Yeah? So that's your normal, yeah? OK, OK. Do you have any allergies at all? 
I have hay fever.
OK. No allergies to medication?
No.
So what we need to do now. Obviously you haven't had an asthma check for some time, and it looks like you might be having a small exacerbation. So what I would like is for you to be seen by one of our general practitioners in the next few days. In the interim, what I'd like you to do is, you can use your blue inhaler as and when needed. OK. You can use it maximum about every two to four hours, but if you're using it that often that means pretty much that your asthma is really bad. You can use it, but that's not ideal. But the brown inhaler, your Clenil, you can up the dose. If you're using just three puffs, twice a day, you can increase it to four puffs, twice a day. Yeah. And this is to do while you're waiting to see us. Now, if you’ve increased the Clenil to four puffs, twice a day and you're using the blue inhaler every two to four hours, and your breathing is getting really worse, then you would need to take yourself to the emergency room. You shouldn't wait for our appointment. OK. So, when you come in, what we're going to do is we're going to examine your chest, yeah. Make you do the peak flow reading. So depending on what we find, you might need some antibiotics and some steroids. But anyway, while you're at home, we're going to be increasing your Clenil, we are increasing your steroid intake anyway. So, yeah. So, any questions you wanted to ask me? Yeah. So, call support, book an appointment to see us and I will recommend that you meet her face to face. In the interim, increase your brown inhaler to four puffs, twice a day, and your Salbutamol inhalers up to every two hours. But, if your breathing is getting worse and you've not seen us, do take yourself to the emergency room, alright?
Thanks.
You're welcome. You take care then, bye now.
Great, OK. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. Bye.