Hello. Hi, I'm Doctor Jacob and welcome to Babylon. How are you doing?
I'm OK, thank you. Not feeling that great actually.
Alright. I'm sorry to hear that. But just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your name for me please?
I'm Mary Jane Grey.
Date of birth?
Date of birth, 1980.
OK. So you've mentioned that you're feeling dizzy.
Yeah, I'm feeling very sick. It's probably because I'm feeling dizzy. The room is sort of spinning. And I can't walk properly. Well I can walk properly but not straight. And my ears are buzzing a bit. I'm just feeling a bit off.
OK, ears are buzzing. So when did it all start?
Started probably about two hours ago maybe. But I had a similar sort of thing about a month ago, but I didn't really think anything of it, because it settled quite quickly. But this has been going for a bit longer now.
OK. So you mentioned it started a few hours ago. So when did it start? What were you doing?
I was just actually making my husband some breakfast. And I just suddenly felt very fuzzy and dizzy, and a bit shaky.
OK. So you mentioned the room spinning around?
Yep.
OK. And how long does it last for? Or is it there now, continuously?
Yeah, it's there, the whole time.
OK. Did you have any kind of viral illness in the recent past couple of weeks?
No. I've been pretty healthy I think, yeah.
Yeah, OK. you've mentioned that you have some ear buzzing. Any kind of ear pain or ear discharge, anything like that?
No, nothing.
OK. Do you have a temperature at all?
I don't think so.
OK, right. You also mentioned that you can walk, but you're not walking straight. Why is that? Is it because the room feels like it’s moving? That's why you're feeling like you're a bit unsteady, yeah?
I think just because the room feels like it's moving a bit. My legs and arms and everything are working fine I just don't feel like I'm stable. The room is spinning.
K. Right. So you mentioned you had something like this a month ago. So how long did that episode last for?
Probably only about five, ten minutes.
OK, right. And do you have any problems hearing at the moment? Is it muffled or something?
It's just a bit of a buzzy noise in my ears, but otherwise I can hear everything.
OK. So, have you been physically sick?
No, but now I'm feeling very sick.
Nausea, OK. And, I don't have much information of your past medical history. So is there any medical conditions you'd like to tell me, surgical or medical conditions?
I've had premature ovarian failure, and I've taken HRT.
OK, charting premature ovarian failure. OK, and any other medications at all?
No.
OK, do you have any allergies at all?
No.
OK. Right. OK so talking to you today, the most common diagnosis we would give is that you're suffering from something called labyrinthitis. Yeah? K, that's when your middle ear, there is some inflammation going on there, and there is some imbalances in the crystals there in your middle ear. OK, so what the most important treatment is, is actually giving you some kind of middle ear stability, so that you won't feel as if you're going around in a boat. OK? So that's what we need to do. Because to actually make you function a bit more, we'll start you on certain medications. I would still like you to be seen by one of our doctors to take a look inside your ears to just make sure. So this is just symptomatic relief, like if you have a fever we just give paracetamol.  So just to make you able to come and see one of the doctors and things like that. I would still like you to be seen by one of our doctors to take a look inside your ears to just make sure. OK, while you're waiting on seeing the doctor if you double up, any weakness of your legs or arms or a sudden headache, any of those symptoms, or you start being violently sick with it, then you would need to take yourself to the emergency room. But if not, wait for the appointment for the doctor to examine you and we'll take it from there. So I'll send the prescription across to the pharmacy. It looks like it's the Lloyd pharmacy on our system. Is that correct? Yeah. So we'll send you across that prescription. It's one tablet three times a day. So I'll give you about ten days’ worth. In the interim, obviously in the next few days, you'll get to see one of my doctors and we'll have to just take it from there. Any questions at all?
Do you need to take those tablets with food? Or can you just take them any time?
It doesn't really matter. You can take it without, because sometimes you get the symptoms as soon as you wake up, so probably you'll feel a bit sick to eat anything, so might as well just take the tablets.
OK, that's great. Thank you so much, that's so helpful.
Just make sure you call support to book that appointment, OK?
I will, thank you very much.
Bye bye now. Bye.