Hi, my name is Doctor Kumar. I'm one of the GPs here. Can I just get you to confirm your name and date of birth for me, please?
Yeah, I'm Maria. 22 of March 1990.
How can I help today?
So, I'm having a really, really strong headache. I don't know what is happening. I'm quite concerned.
OK. So, it started this morning. Was it a sudden onset headache, did it come on suddenly?
So, it started in the morning. I feel dizzy. My vision is a little bit blurred, it's really painful, and I'm getting really concerned. Especially because I'm having these changes in the vision.
OK. And did it come on really bad or did it start off like a slight headache and build up to a severe headache?
It came kind of suddenly.
And if ten is the worst pain you've ever felt in your life, how bad would you say the pain was between one and ten?
Well, I had a kidney stone, so let's say that that's ten. I have now, maybe five well, six, probably.
It's not ten. Great!
But it's more about me being really concerned, because this is very weird.
OK. No, that's fine. Have you ever had a headache before? 
Like this, no. Definitely, it's something new.
OK. So, it's a first OK. If you had to say where across the head the headache is, is it across the front, around the back? It's on one side, the left side, only. And tell me what visual problems are you getting?
My vision is quite blurred it, it's really weird, like some zigzag lines.
OK. And have you tried any painkillers for this already?
Yeah, I tried Paracetamol, but didn't work. To be honest, I feel exactly the same.
OK. OK. what time did you take the paracetamol? How long ago was it you'd taken it?
Well, the headache started like four hours ago. So, I would say like, maybe three hours ago, because I couldn't stand it.
OK. And your visual problem is still ongoing now?
Yeah. I feel a little bit better. I cannot stand screens, but, yeah, definitely. And, when I move, the thing is that if I leave bed, I start to feel even worse if I move. So, I just want to have my head like really, not moving.
OK. OK, so, what about, have you felt sort of nauseous or like you want to vomit?
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, definitely, I vomited twice. Actually, as soon as the headache started, I also vomited. So, initially, I thought it was something that I ate, but then the headache started to be really bad, and I still feel nausea. To be honest I'm about to vomit, very soon, I think.
All right. OK. You've mentioned, in the past, you've had kidney stones, any other medical problems? What else do you have in the family?
So my mother has migraines. I'm not sure if that's relevant? And also I have hypothyroidism in the family. So, it might be. I don't know.
And do you take any regular medications?
No.
Are you allergic to any medications?
Not that I'm aware.
OK. Is there any chance you could be pregnant?
I really doubt it.
And what, what were you thinking might be going on? I know you seemed quite worried about it. Was there anything in particular you were worried about?
Well, I'm a little bit hypochondriac. So, I feel that this can be some kind of brain tumour or something? Because really, the pain is so horrible. Or maybe a stroke. I don't know, it's just you hear so many stories, that you definitely start wonder, if I should go to the emergency room urgently, because I might really have something serious.
OK. OK, fine. Now just another question, have you noticed any weakness in your arms or legs, anything like that?
No.
And when you're walking, you're able to walk fine in a straight line, or are you walking a bit funny?
Not really.
K. So, just, just to clarify what you said. This morning, you woke up and then later on in the morning, about four hours ago, you've developed a headache on the left side of the head? Left side of the head, is it behind the eye?
Exactly.
OK. That's fine. You've noticed that your vision is blurry, there's funny lines, you feel a bit nauseous, you vomited twice. And you feeling dizzy as well, but you've got no neurological symptoms. You're walking fine. And you've taken Paracetamol, and it hasn't helped. Is that all? OK. So, it sounds like what you're suffering from is what's known as a migraine. Is that something you've heard of before?
To be honest I'm very familiar with the disease, because my mother has it, but I never had it, and I thought that the onset of migraines will be in much, early ages. So, that's why I'm not sure if a migraine makes sense.
OK. So, usually with migraines they can present at different times in people's lives, so, sometimes they can present as a child, sometimes they can present when they're older. And sometimes they can present even postmenopausally. So, there's different ways you can get migraines. And the reason why this sounds like migraines is because it's on one side of the head typical of a migraine, you've got blurry vision, again which is very typical, with the nausea and vomiting, that's also typical of a migraine. Now, obviously, if the headache is really severe, I'll suggest some medications you can try, if that doesn't work, we would want to see you as soon as possible to do a full neurological exam as well, to make sure that when we do a more specific examination that everything all seems fine. I would recommend in the time between now and when we can see you, if you take some medications, maybe something like ibuprofen? So, yes, a migraine. Even sooner than that, we can look at maybe half an hour to forty minutes, depending on what your response to it is. For some people, whatever medications they take the migraine doesn't improve, and they can last from anywhere from 4 hours to 72 hours, migraines can last. So, there's lots of medication treatments so, there can be ibuprofen with an anti-sickness, which you can get from the pharmacy. And you can also drink sugary and carbonated drinks, something like Coke. The three of them are a good sort of cocktail to start off, then we can go up the treatment ladder, you can get specific migraine relief medication. And that should be something to try between now and when we see you to do the assessment to where we can see you today at some point. But however, if you do take these medications and by the time your appointment time comes in and you feel much better, you can give us a call and cancel it. Any questions for me?
OK, sounds good, yeah. Sounds like a good plan. No, thank you very much. You were very helpful.
All right. OK. Any further problems between now and your appointment, please do let us know.
OK, yeah. Thank you very much.