So, my name is Joe. I'm a doctor here at Babylon. Can I just confirm your name, please?
My name's Vincent.
And your date of birth?
9 of May 1996.
Great. So, how can I help?
Yeah, so I've been having a cough and a sore throat, for about a week, and, it's been causing me problems. I've had to stay away from work for about three or four of those days, because of how bad is.
OK, I'm sorry to hear that. So, you've had a cough, and a sore throat, for about a week? And what came first?
The sore throat came first, and then, after a day or two, the cough.
OK, OK. And are you coughing up anything?
No, it's very dry.
OK, So I'm just going to ask a few questions about your current symptoms. And a little bit about your background.
OK.
And something else about what we can do, a little bit later on in the consultation, to help you. So, before we go on. anything you're particularly concerned about? Or have any ideas, what might be going on? You said that you had a cold.
I mean you know how we all are. Once this happens, you Google it and there seems to be all kinds of bad things it could be. It could be a cold or flu obviously, but it could also be tuberculosis. It could be, cancer always comes up so, it'll be good if it’s none of those.
Great, so yeah. I can provide a bit of reassurance, and we can talk about those a little bit, as well. And was there anything you were particularly expecting, or hoping to get out of this consultation? 
Well, yeah, so reassurance. So hopefully some sense that it's not anything too serious. But also, is there anything you can prescribe me to make it better? Or any advice? Or maybe even a sick note. So that, if I need to stay away from work for a bit longer, I can get one.
Sure, sure, OK. All right, so, we'll talk a little bit about the symptoms, and I'm sure we can get those things, and some reassurance, about your concerns. So, you mentioned that you started with sore throat about a week ago, developed into bit of a dry cough. I'll just ask a few questions around those. So, do you have any shortness of breath?
Yes, yeah, I've been having shortness of breath, yeah.
You are short of breath. And do you have any wheeze? Or chest pain? 
Yeah, a bit of both.
You're feeling a bit wheezy, with some chest pain as well. OK. And when did you start to develop the shortness of breath?
So the sore throat, so today's Friday, sore throat was about, last week, Friday or Thursday. Cough was Saturday or Sunday. So the shortness of breath was I think, shortly after the cough. So maybe a day or two later. So, three, four days ago.
Three or four days ago, you started develop. And is the cough worse at night-time?
No, no, it's the same throughout the whole day.
Same throughout the day. And when you say you're short of breath. Just need to try and get an idea about how short of breath you are. So, are you able to, like walk up a flight of stairs, for example? Or are you short of breath at rest?
Oh yeah, so when I'm doing walking. And I do exercises now and then. So it hasn't been super bad like, hasn't stopped me from doing any of those things, but it's been pretty unusual, and a little bit worrying.
And you're a bit concerned about that, OK. So, I just need to ask a few, things about your background as well. So, do you have any other medical conditions, or medical history?
No, no past medical history, no.
No. No history of asthma?
No.
And any history of clots on your legs, or your lungs?
Well, my mother had lung cancer.
So no one in your family has had those? Clots on the legs, or the lungs? Your mother had lung cancer. Do you smoke? You ever smoked? Or been exposed to asbestos? That you know of?
Don't know with asbestos. Ever smoked, I mean, once or twice in Amsterdam, if that counts, but not really.
OK. And so just going back to your symptoms of shortness of breath, with the cough. It's a dry cough, no, you're not coughing up any phlegm?
No, no.
You say you don't have any chest pain, as such?
No.
No, OK. are you taking any medications, currently, at the moment?
No, no.
OK. Are you allergic to any medications?
Not to any medication, but I'm allergic to peanuts.
Peanuts. OK. You mentioned that your mother had, lung cancer. Any other family history of any significant illnesses running in your family?
No, no, that's the only one. Just lung cancer, from my mother.
And you say you have a cold. So, do you have sinus congestion? 
No, it seems to be entirely with just my throat. So my nose is ok.
So, just your throat. And any recent travel? Or have you always lived in the UK?
No, so I haven't always lived in the UK. I was born in the US, and moved over. Well, it was twelve years ago, but, in terms of recent travel. Just to Europe, nowhere too exotic. 
OK, so no recent travel, no significant recent travel anywhere. So you're not coughing up blood, or anything like that? No, no. OK. good. And are you feeling feverish, hot, cold, sweaty?
Yeah, so, a little bit feverish, at first. So the first three or so days of this, but then the fever's gone away. Yeah, I was just going to say, also had a bit of a headache. But like, headaches that come and go rather, but like, right now it's fine.
OK. And in general, would you say you're beginning to feel better? Worse? Or sort of, staying the same?
So it's up and down. So let's see, it started last week, and I stayed home from work two days this week. I think it was maybe, Tuesday and then Thursday. So like, I felt better and then worse again, and then better and then worse again. So it's been, yeah, a kind of constant, but constant and being, variable, if that makes sense. 
And I just need to ask any other sort of risk factors that you may have. So, no sort of significant weight loss? Or unexplained weight loss? 
So no weight loss, but I have been losing my appetite recently. And I mean, I usually eat a lot, and I enjoy eating as well, so that's been a bit concerning.
You've been losing your appetite recently? And you're a little bit concerned about that? But you haven't, you haven't lost any weight, that you think of?
Yes.
And any, sort of rashes or anything? 
No. Not that I can think of.
Not that you can think of. OK. So, I would ask to examine you now, but I don't know if I could sort of look inside your throat, at least. To see if there's - have you got any lumps or bumps around your neck? That you can feel?
No.
And, so finally, you were talking about, it sounds to me that, you've been a little bit up and down. Sore throat. Developed a dry cough. You are slightly short of breath, but not too overly concerningly short of breath. What I would say, we're just coming to the end of consultation now. If you feel significantly worse. if you get more short of breath, or sudden change in your breathlessness. or breathlessness that you are concerned about. Then I would advise you to go and see a general practitioner, and actually see somebody physically. But I think, for now I can try and reassure you that, if this clears up, as I expect it would, I expect this to be getting better in the next four or five days. If it's not, please get in touch with a medical professional again. And I would expect it to, and so therefore, I wouldn't be concerned about tuberculosis or about lung cancer. So, again, if you're not getting better, please see somebody again. So, nice talking to you. OK, and I'll provide you with a sick note, just to give you a few more days off work. And Paracetamol. Lots of fluids. And rest up. And, as I say, if you're not feeling better, please get in touch. OK?
Alright.