Hi there. It's Doctor Smith from Babylon. Hi, can you confirm your name and date of birth?
Yes. My name is Mary Jo. Date of birth is January 1st, 1980. 
What can I do for you?
So, a couple of things. I think I may have overdone my workouts, and now my knees are hurting and they're clicking a lot, and it's starting to worry me. I can't run very far anymore without just feeling pain in my knees. And then, sometimes I also get this weird tingling in my toes. So yeah, that's it. I'm just concerned and I figured I'd call and see if you can help me figure out what's going on.
That's fine. So when do you think it started? 
So probably, it's been about two weeks.
OK. And any joint problems before that?
You know not really. I mean I play a lot of sports. And I play some ice hockey, and I had this injury a few months ago. I just like, fell on the ice and had a huge bruise but I think that's about it.
OK, So, at the moment, just tell me about the exercise that you're doing, normally.
So I'm training. Well, I'm currently training for a marathon that's going to happen in June. And so I'm trying to run. I mean right now, I'm actually not even doing such long runs, maybe like seven or eight miles. And so, I started about maybe a month ago. I've done four or five miles, and I've just done a couple of seven mile runs. And then I go to the gym a few times a week and do my usual routine. But, yeah, I think the only thing that's really different have been the runs, the longer runs.
And have you had any times when the knee feels like it's giving way underneath you?
Well, what do you mean by that? I'm not sure what that means.
So, it means if you're there and you just feel it sort of jolt, like give way, feel unstable underneath you.
Not, not bad, I mean it just kind of starts hurting. 
And how far into the run does it generally hurt?
You know I would say it probably starts off after maybe twenty minutes or so. Which is, probably I don't know like somewhere around mile three maybe, two and a half or three miles.
OK. Ooh you're fast. And do you have to stop running, or can you run through the pain?
Yeah, that is a good question. So, you know the last few times, the last time I actually stopped, I mean I ran a little bit longer, but then I stopped, because it was, I feel like it's getting worse. And when I start doing my abs, it's requiring me to move my knee, to go from the flex position on my knees, and straighten my legs, and then I feel all this clicking. And I think that's also freaked me out, and I just figured something is wrong here.
Any problems with your left one?
So it's actually my right knee that hurts.
OK, and can you just describe in the knee, or show me whereabouts the pain is happening mainly?
So, it's kind of weird, I feel it in the middle, but I almost feel like maybe it moves to the right of my knee a little bit.
OK. Have you noticed any tenderness when you press over any areas in the knee?
So, yes, well yes, I have, probably some fluid. I googled it, and you know it says that sometimes fluid accumulates.
OK. Does it look swollen to you?
Well it did, the first time I ran, it was a little bit swollen, but then I just put some ice on it, and it went away. But right now it's not swollen, and right now it doesn't hurt. But it just comes on when, or right now when I flex and extend my leg, it, there's no clicking but, I'll notice it in the gym and then when I run it'll start hurting.
OK, and if you're sitting still for a while, do you have any problems when you stand up, any locking up of the knee?
No.
Any problems going up and down stairs?
No.
Any problems just walking normally?
No, none, I don't.
And intervals of range of movement. Are you able to fully straighten the leg?
Yes.
And what about fully flex it?
Yes.
OK. Are you taking any medication for the knee?
Well, since you're asking. Yes, I take Ibuprofen, and I'll just use it sometimes I have some joint issues, but that is not very frequent. So I'll take Ibuprofen for that. But it's nothing major, maybe four hundred milligrams max, something like that. I also sometimes will smoke a joint. And, yeah, other than that, that's it.
OK, and any other joint problems that you're getting? Any back pains? Small swelling of your, hands, feet, elbows, wrists? Any pain?
No.
Any change in colour or temperature of your lower legs?
Well I have sometimes, like if you stand for a long time, your feet will kind of, or your legs will swell up. I noticed it because of my socks, I'll just notice this indentation. And then, another weird thing. I've felt this just once, but there was this tingling in my toes, after the run. There was tingling in my toes on my right toes, so.
Any swelling which stays if you push in, and then you release it, that it stays there?
Well I don't know if I really tried that, but I will tell you that, what I noticed is when my socks come off, I notice that indentation a little bit, I mean it's not major, right but, I mean - do you mean I just need to press and see what happens, if it stays?
Yeah, or any pain in the back of the calf or anything like that?
No, nothing like that, no.
And, with your foot, has that gone back to normal now? Do you feel any altered sensation, tingling numbness, anything like that?
No, it was just that time, but it was just really weird, because it went on for a while.
OK. And any pain in the joints of your foot or on the underside in the arch? Any problems walking around on hard floors?
No.
OK, have you had any other medical problems before?
You know, just your garden variety stuff, right, colds and, I mean I do have, I'm far-sighted, and so I had I had Lasik surgery. And then, once I had this really bad UTI, they thought it was kidney stones, and so they had me actually in the emergency room. And if my general practitioner didn't call them, tell them, that you know, they don't need to give me Morphine. That was kind of an awful experience but, other than that, you know, I'm pretty good.
OK, and do you take any other medications, apart from the ones you told me about?
Well, I'll take I take vitamin D. I take melatonin. Sometimes just for cramps, I'll take ibuprofen, or actually I'll take Aleve. Whatever Aleve is. Occasionally, if I'm really having hard times sleeping, I'll take Xanax. But I prefer Melatonin, it's just sometimes Melatonin doesn't work.
OK. And any problems with your stomach, or asthma, indigestion, acid reflux?
No, no, no problems.
And what I would suggest is, definitely carrying on with the ice therapy that you've been using. So, as much as you can, because that really does make a difference to injuries. Brings the healing blood into the area, and it gives it the best chance of getting better. So, as much as you can, use the ice. Obviously you're trying to stick to a marathon programme, but I would try and ease up on the running if you can. And if it's painful enough that you're having to stop running, then it's not a good idea to do that. It's fine to take the Ibuprofen. I can prescribe you a slightly stronger anti-inflammatory that you can take regularly instead of the Ibuprofen, but not with the Ibuprofen. But make sure to take that with food. 
Well, you know I read some stuff online that my ligaments, I think it's like ACL or something like that, and so I mean I'm kind of like freaked out that that may break.
Ultimately we probably need to examine the knee. So, the best thing I would be, I suggest, getting an appointment with the physiotherapist first, who can do a long assessment and examination of the knee. And then we can make an assessment as to whether we need to do any imagery to have a look inside the knee and see if there's any problem with the cartilage. It's not really possible to diagnose that over the video. So we definitely would need to see you. And the physio is the best point of call, because they'll probably be the most likely initial treatment. But certainly if the appointment time is too long to wait, then we can see you in our clinic as well. 
So are you going to send referral for that?
Yep, we can do a referral before that. If in the meantime you develop persistent swelling, heat, redness, of the knee, or high temperature, feel unwell, or it completely locks up and you can't bend and stretch it. Then, you'd need to see a doctor urgently, so call us back in that case. OK. I'll send it through to your pharmacy for you. 
That sounds good. Thank you yeah. Sure I mean, give me the stronger medicine, I'll give that a try.
OK. Thank you, bye.
Sweet. Thanks so much. OK. Bye, bye.