Good morning. I'm Doctor Smith from Babylon. Can you just confirm your name and date of birth?
Hi. My name is Susan. 14-02-1974.
OK. What can I do for you?
It hurts when I pee. 
OK, and how long has that been going on for?
Six days.
Six days, OK. And just tell me a bit more about that. How did it start?
I've got this thing when I pee, and it hurts when I go to the loo, and I've got this very unpleasant smell that comes out.
OK. And have you had any other symptoms along with that? Have you had any abdominal pain, or back, lower back pain at all?
I've got pain in my tummy.
Whereabouts?
In my lower tummy.
OK. Is it one-sided, or in the middle?
In the middle.
And how bad would you say that is on a scale of one to ten? With ten being the worst pain.
Seven.
And is it, constant, or does it come and go?
Comes and goes.
OK. And have you actually been able to pass water okay?
Yes, but I've had spotted blood in my urine. Spots.
OK. And is that just over the last, six days?
Yes.
Right. And have you been able to eat and drink okay?
No, not at all.
And have you had a temperature? Do you feel like you've been feverish, or had a temperature with this?
No.
And did you say you didn't have any lower back pain?
No.
OK. And have you had these symptoms before?
No. Never.
And was there anything you were doing recently, which you think may have contributed to it? Have you been doing lots of exercise, been dehydrated, been having regular sexual intercourse or anything?
No, 
No, OK. And any other symptoms, any vaginal discharge or, anything like that?
No. Just the blood spot, in my urine.
Do you have regular periods?
Yes, I do.
And in the past, have you had any medical problems at all? Have you had any problems with your kidneys, or any urine infections?
I had IBS before.
And how's that been recently? Any change in your bowel habit? Any blood when you pass stool?
No.
OK. Any change in your bowel habit? Any weight loss or anything?
No.
Any other medical problems, or surgery in the past?
No.
Do you take regular medications?
I've had Mebeverine.
Do you take that regularly?
Yes, I do.
OK. And it, do you take it three times a day? Two hundred milligrams?
Yes.
Any allergies?
Clindamycin.
You're allergic to Clindamycin, OK. And anyone in your family had any medical problems?
No.
That's fine. And whereabouts do you live? Do you live with friends, family?
I live with friends.
OK. And where do you work? What's your job?
I'm a support worker.
OK. Do you drink alcohol at all?
Occasionally.
So how much in an average week?
One glass of wine a week
OK. And do you smoke?
No.
OK. it sounds very much like you might have an infection in your urine. Did you say you haven't felt feverish?
No fever at all.
Have you got a thermometer at home?
No.
OK. It would be helpful if you could get a thermometer from the pharmacy and do check your temperature, just to make sure that it isn't going up and down. Normally we can treat this infection without having to test your urine, with a course of antibiotics. How do you feel about that? Are you happy to take a course of antibiotics? It would just be for three days.
OK. Yes, I would be.
Yes, so I can send a prescription through to your requested pharmacy for that. If you take them, as soon as you can, pick them up as soon as you can, and start taking them. The other thing which is important to do is to drink lots of water. So, 2.5 to 3 litres a day. You can get some cranberry juice and drink that as well, that sometimes helps. And also some sachets which you can get from the chemist, some sachets which just help change the acidity of your urine. So I can put the details of that on your notes. If you feel like your pain is getting worse or not settling, you get lower back pain or you're getting a high temperature, or you have any problems actually passing urine, then it's very important that we speak to you again. The other thing is that if it becomes a common thing or a recurrent problem, then we need to talk to you again about it.
So, do I have to call after I finish my course of antibiotics?
No, not if you're better. If you feel like your symptoms get worse at any point, or they're not resolving with the treatment, or you keep getting a similar problem, recurrently, then it's important for us to talk to you in more detail about that.
OK.
Have you got any other questions?
No. Where will be the pharmacy I'll be picking up my medication from?
So have you already requested a pharmacy through Babylon?
Yes I did. 
Can I just check that with you?
Knightsbridge, Practice.
OK, that's fine. So the antibiotics that I'm going to prescribe will go through to that, pharmacy. And then you’ll be able to pick them up from there
How soon? How soon is that going to be at the practice? In five minutes?
I would give it longer than that. Give it an hour or so.
Alright then. Thank you, I'll pick that at lunchtime.
OK. Alright then. Take care. Bye.
Thank you. Bye